All right, so we're using Google Scholar. Before you start searching with Google
Scholar, it's scholar.google.com, you want to go to the upper left hand corner
where there's a hamburger. Then you want to scroll down to settings and click on
library links. Now you want to make sure that North Central University, find it at
North Central, and open WorldCat are checked. If it's not there, type in North
Central University into the search bar and hit search and it'll open a list of
additional libraries and then hit save. It's really important that you do that
before you start searching so that you're getting the most results possible.
Now we can start searching, so let's do business ethics, that sounds good. Now
there are a couple of things that I do want to point out before we start
looking at these search results. So we got a lot of results with our search
business ethics, but we want to filter for sure by year. So a lot of these
you'll notice are actually very old for researchers, 1999, 1981, 2008, 2017. So
within academia, we don't typically recommend using anything that's older
than 25 years unless it's a historical study, but that's recently changed
quite a bit with COVID, especially in fields like business and psychology. So
we're actually going to do the last five years, so we're gonna filter since 2022.
Now that's gonna cut down our search results significantly, which is great.
Unfortunately, I haven't been able to find a peer review filter through Google
Scholar yet, so that isn't available. But another way that you can tell if a
resource is scholarly is by looking at where it's been published. So the Journal
of Ethics is going to be a great resource. Internal Journal of Multidisciplinary
Research, as you can see down here, would also be a great resource. Now Google
Scholar is a search engine that searches all of the open access internet and our
catalog since we checked those two boxes. So you're getting the most results
possible with open access resources. You do want to evaluate them just a little
bit more critically than you would, for example, your search results on ProQuest
Central Premium. This is because people can post anything they want open access
online, so you do want to just make sure that you're looking at dates and where
it was published and looking at their peer review process as well. So just be
paying attention to those things. Another thing I want to point out to you is
access options. So over here on this right hand column, you'll notice a couple
of different things going on. We have a PDF link and then find it at North
Central. Some of them just have PDF and others you might find like this one, the
Business Ethics and Action are just blank. Now that doesn't mean that you
don't have access to it, it just means that you don't have access to it right
now. So if you don't have a link here, go to library.northcentral.edu. You can
also bookmark it and then you're gonna want to scroll down to our quick links
and click on interlibrary loan. You'll type in all of your information and then
the article or book information in here. Hit submit and we will get that article
to you as soon as we can. Check out our tutorial on interlibrary loans. Now the
other ones that we're seeing here, PDF, researchgate.net, mean that they
are available through the open access internet. So these are some that you're
gonna want to be evaluating a little bit more critically and
then we find the ones that say find it at North Central. That means that North
Central pays a subscription that gives you access to it. So Google Scholar is a
phenomenal resource because A, it's free and B, Google has Google money. So they
have invested a lot of time into their query engineering. So even though we're
looking at business ethics, it's also looking up at any search terms that they
have connected to business. So a article that comes up may not explicitly say
business but it's related through one of their search terms. So their search
functionality is phenomenal. If you're ever having trouble looking for a
resource and you're just not finding a lot of things, I tend to point people to
Google Scholar because it tends to expand their search without having to
expand the keywords necessarily. When you want to access one of these articles,
just click on the link and you should be able to see it. So if we click on this
first one from Springer, here is the article. If you want to cite through one
of your, through a citation manager, you can go ahead and click on this cite
function. It also has a save function so you can save resources for later in your
Google Scholar library. Google Scholar is a phenomenal resource. If at any
point you have issues with Google Scholar, feel free to reach out to the
library and we'd love to help you. Happy researching!